hello friends welcome to the analyzes
to bring running review dotcom today
we analyze the riding jacket in
hardware the effusion a thought jacket
for those days where it's cold where we
water is going to fall down where we're going
to have to give all that day that day is
the day of this jacket's one
Membrane membrane jacket drive
active designed to perspire a
membrane designed to exercise not
only to walk but when we already run
that more heat is generated than we need
evaporate more and especially what more
impresses of this membrane is that it is
a membrane
very soft very similar touch to
cotton we do not have here the
cartoning of other types of
membranes that you notice the jacket very
stiff and in addition it is elastic to fix
ok it's an elastic membrane all and
that inside he still carries the
heat-sealed seams
I do not know if it is appreciated there all agree
the seams are thermosealed this
guarantees that water would not enter or
nor are we going to suffer
inside moisture as you see the iron
a jacket that follows are carved
that we are very adjusted to the body
so much ahead
as from behind we also have everything
that would be the brand here front
reflective then we see it and here in what
which is at the level of shoulders we have
also reflective parts we got a
rucksack is going to cover us a little but
everything in staying here on the shoulder looks
ok you see here all the height is of
the armpit what are the reflective ones are
take advantage of his back
we are here this jacket takes in the
pocket here behind is worth a pocket
here of a half measure it is worth
will enter possible we put the proof of
iphone now you have to do your back
we get the iphone just
It's going to cost us to close
but we do not mind what is not
has any kind of eye hole for
take out the cable from the headphones and what
yes, it is
very good is to carry the gels keys
and other things that we should
we can fit without problems closed and here
we carry it is not an upper zone that
sometimes up here as they bounce
we carry here below annoying less to the
time to run you have to take into account
that in all the subject of seams carries
how are they heat-sealed and is thought
to be a waterproof jacket is
thought with the minimum number d
of zippers or seams and if you
Another theme is the theme of the manga
it's not a normal seam it's a seam
it's worth crooked
and this favors us two things this
stitching helps us that the sleeve
it is always down, it does not come up
while we are running, worth and apart
it's a manga if you notice this one is not
finished off in an elastic way but yes
It has a sealed thermos to avoid
so that we are more adjusted and
prevent us from getting water when
we run, it's worth noting that it's going downhill
if it is on rainy days we have said that
It is a jacket designed for those days
that we are very cold is raining
It's going to prevent us from more
Water
I take the opportunity to show you the zipper
here in front the system is perfect
you close and the same one goes down does not take
no type of clip or anything is endured
just what the zipper remains
perfectly covered up here if
we close up our open and the
zipper in this case takes a chunk
of rubber that helps us close it when
this is closed and it is above this
prevents the zipper from bouncing and go
making this clip some some
Jackets to make him salt does not
being this way I take advantage and I teach you the
perfect hat is a hat very
tight
the familiar feeling of this kind of
membrane is that it is perfect
the touch a very similar sensibility
to cotton or any other garment
textile and from behind
as you will see
it was a jacket the hat looks good
adjusted to the head
it also seriously below no
he wears rubber and he goes on one side he wears a
clip where we can make adjustment
so that we have to keep in mind
especially that it is thought for days
for difficult days
inside and the teachers but truth
I'll take off my life see
all seams
all the seams inside
thermosealed here we have the hole
where will the pockets stop and here
inside we have a small eyelet for
remove the cable anyway taking
note that it is not protected
any electronic device that
let's carry on this site it's going to get wet
from our own sweat of what we
it's outside but sweat but it will be
need to take it with something so that it does not
we do not go soaking in our
own of our own sweat like
we always double it
it can be a membrane jacket
note that neither does creex cracks nor does
noises or anything compressed always
I tell you that my hands are big
quite compressed to be a
jacket with membrane we had in
count this
is a jacket that yes to carry
halfway while we're doing
the trail as we always finish the
reviews we can not jump here to the
old fashioned and well this is all
up here the montaigne jacket
fusion hardware and until next time
review